android/support/interpolator/R.java
 android.support.interpolator.R
android/support/print/R.java
 android.support.print.R
android/support/customview/R.java
 android.support.customview.R
 android.support.customview.R$attr
 android.support.customview.R$color
 android.support.customview.R$dimen
 android.support.customview.R$drawable
 android.support.customview.R$id
 android.support.customview.R$integer
 android.support.customview.R$layout
 android.support.customview.R$string
 android.support.customview.R$style
 android.support.customview.R$styleable
android/support/v13/R.java
 android.support.v13.R
 android.support.v13.R$attr
 android.support.v13.R$color
 android.support.v13.R$dimen
 android.support.v13.R$drawable
 android.support.v13.R$id
 android.support.v13.R$integer
 android.support.v13.R$layout
 android.support.v13.R$string
 android.support.v13.R$style
 android.support.v13.R$styleable
android/arch/core/R.java
 android.arch.core.R
android/support/v7/viewpager/R.java
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable
com/example/android/basicmultitouch/TouchDisplayView.java
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.TouchDisplayView
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.TouchDisplayView$TouchHistory
com/example/android/common/logger/LogWrapper.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogWrapper
com/example/android/common/logger/MessageOnlyLogFilter.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.MessageOnlyLogFilter
com/example/android/common/logger/LogNode.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogNode
android/support/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
android/support/documentfile/R.java
 android.support.documentfile.R
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/example/android/common/logger/Log.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.Log
android/support/v7/cardview/R.java
 android.support.v7.cardview.R
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$color
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$style
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable
com/example/android/common/logger/LogView.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogView
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogView$1
android/support/mediacompat/R.java
 android.support.mediacompat.R
 android.support.mediacompat.R$attr
 android.support.mediacompat.R$color
 android.support.mediacompat.R$dimen
 android.support.mediacompat.R$drawable
 android.support.mediacompat.R$id
 android.support.mediacompat.R$integer
 android.support.mediacompat.R$layout
 android.support.mediacompat.R$string
 android.support.mediacompat.R$style
 android.support.mediacompat.R$styleable
android/support/cursoradapter/R.java
 android.support.cursoradapter.R
android/support/drawerlayout/R.java
 android.support.drawerlayout.R
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$color
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$id
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$string
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$style
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android/support/v4/R.java
 android.support.v4.R
 android.support.v4.R$attr
 android.support.v4.R$color
 android.support.v4.R$dimen
 android.support.v4.R$drawable
 android.support.v4.R$id
 android.support.v4.R$integer
 android.support.v4.R$layout
 android.support.v4.R$string
 android.support.v4.R$style
 android.support.v4.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R
android/support/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
android/support/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
com/example/android/common/logger/LogFragment.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogFragment
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogFragment$1
android/support/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 android.support.localbroadcastmanager.R
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
android/support/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/example/android/basicmultitouch/R.java
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$anim
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$attr
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$bool
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$color
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$dimen
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$drawable
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$id
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$integer
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$layout
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$string
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$style
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
android/support/loader/R.java
 android.support.loader.R
 android.support.loader.R$attr
 android.support.loader.R$color
 android.support.loader.R$dimen
 android.support.loader.R$drawable
 android.support.loader.R$id
 android.support.loader.R$integer
 android.support.loader.R$layout
 android.support.loader.R$string
 android.support.loader.R$style
 android.support.loader.R$styleable
com/example/android/basicmultitouch/Pools.java
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.Pools
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.Pools$Pool
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.Pools$SimplePool
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.Pools$SynchronizedPool
com/example/android/basicmultitouch/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.BuildConfig
com/example/android/basicmultitouch/MainActivity.java
 com.example.android.basicmultitouch.MainActivity
